---
layout: blog_post
title: "We have to fill our lives with projects"
date: 2024-10-31
tags: [personal, self-development]
category: blog
---

What did we come on Earth to do? Those with a Christian background say we came in order to redeem ourselves and return to God, those with a spiritual inclination say we came for the evolution of our souls, and then the rest of us who are not content with these definitions? What do we say? Based on the people I see around me, they say to be happy and fulfilled.

<br>
But what does it mean to be fulfilled? I do not know if there is an objective meaning of fulfilment, but my personal definition is to be content in the fact that you have developed your potential to the fullest or are in the earnest pursuit of that goal. How would you know if you have developed your potential if you not have projects or concrete evidence to show for it. It is very easy to feel as though you have done something right, or to feel bigger than you were yesterday but how would you really know objectively. If someone was to come to you and ask for proof of what you say you are, what would you have to show? This is why I think projects are very important for a purposeful life.

<br>

One may argue that our lives are not meant to be a show to others, a sort of way to prove ourselves, but I argue that we must prove ourselves to ourselves constantly. This challenges us to be better than who we were in the past because it is very easy, especially in this age of infinite distractions and easily found societies where you can sit and degrade with others, to give up on ourselves without realizing it.

<br>

Another reason is on days when we do not feel very confident in ourselves, a look at the things we have accomplished does wonders for our self-esteem. We are reminded of the things we are capable of when we set our mind to it, and this prevents us from falling into the dreaded 'rut'.
These are a few reasons why I think projects are crucial to our development and hence a fulfilling existence because what is life without self-improvement??


