---
layout: blog_post
title: "The Plan Forward"
date: 2025-02-24
tags: [personal, self-development]
category: blog
---
I am reading, wait but why blog posts—and I know that is exactly the way I would love to write and share knowledge. I learn stuff and then transmit said stuff into the brains of others in an entertaining yet useful way. The only problem is, I do not know what I want to learn, and it is so frustrating.

<br>
I am a quintessential modern child. Modern life is so easy that even the tiniest bit of challenge throws me off completely. Now, as I write this, I do not feel like writing. It feels like SUCH a chore, and I wanna give up and binge-watch self-improvement videos so I can be lazy—but superiorly lazy—and say, "Hey, at least I am not rotting my brain cells doomscrolling on TikTok." It is all the same. Who am I kidding?

<br>
Let me plan out all the things I have to change.
I have to learn to:

1.  Deal with the uncomfy feeling of "Ugh, I do not wanna do this" and then do it anyway.
2.  Be able to come up with new ideas because I do not allow myself to be bored enough to generate fresh thoughts.
3.  Learn more stuff.
Okay, these things sound very vague and not at all concrete, but at least it is a start. I shall refine as I go.

<br>
Let me note down my obstacles:

1. Time thieves—i.e., Snapchat stories, YT Shorts, Pinterest, etc.
2.  Fatigue caused by said time thieves stealing my sleeping time. Also, poor eating habits and inadequate physical exercise.
3.  Brain laziness and lack of desire to think through problems on my own, thanks to the availability of AI that can do my problem-solving for me. Most times, not all the time. (Me trying to make myself feel better.)

The first step to solving a problem is noting it, and now they are noted. The subsequent posts will be about me tackling these problems and my progress.

<br>
Initial Solutions
1.Do not use time thieves at all. Unless you need YT for school and other stuff, of course. Shorts are never, ever beneficial, so do not even go there. There is no upside to Snap stories aside from dopamine hits, and they do not count.2. Put the phone on sleep mode and far away from the bedside when it is bedtime, i.e., 22:00.
3.Only use AI when I am COMPLETELY stumped, because let's be honest—sometimes I really cannot solve the problem at hand. It can also be used for general data collection.
<br>
Hopefully, this system works. Wish me luck xD