---
layout: blog_post
title: "Sewing"
date: 2025-02-25
tags: [personal, hobby]
category: blog
---

I am currently watching a sewing vlog and omg I never wanted to do anything so badly! Imagine being able to come up with your own clothes and actually bring them to life! With your own materials and decorative flair. People!! That is such a super power and I would love to learn it this instant
<br>
But I know it is going to be an expensive hobby, at least in the beginning when you are buying the equipment and the right fabric. Especially here in Norway where everything is as expesnive as could possibly be
<br>
Sighhhh
But just note to self. I ove it and it is definitley a hobby I would take up later in my life. Probably when I am done with school
<br>
I have noticed that I love doing creative things. I love to bring stuff to life. It is not just me but almost everyone I know loves the process of just making something. Even if that something turns out to be the ugliest blob of clay or a landscape with the perspective completely  wrong ( all personal projects). There is something about creating that feels so innately pleasing. 
<br>
I belive that as humans creeation is one of the things that brings us pure  joy. These past couple of days I have been feeling down and purposeless but the thought of sewing got me so happy. And then I realised the real source of happiness was just the thought of creating something. So I decided to write this article and then create a few illustrations and I feel a 100 times better. 
<br>
It is so easy for us to find easy dopamine hits from stimulating social media platforms, and we forget that these are not actual sources of pleasure. We become addicted to them and then realise that we no longer feel happy. We just trudge through the days doing the bare minimum and flooding our brains with unrewarding spikes of excitation. 
<br>
These spikes are like junk food. They are high in entertainment calories but low in nutrition, so when we take them in, we feel all sluggish and bloated. The real nutritious brain food inludes ( but is not limited to ) activities that involve creation. If you feel like you are in a rut, you feel perpetually bored or just tired of everything, try creating something. Your brain would thank you for it. 